#
#    MetaMatter 
#    Copyright (C) 2009 Dave Parfitt
# 
#    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
#    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by`
#    the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
#    (at your option) any later version.
# 
#    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
#    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
#    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
#    GNU General Public License for more details.
# 
#    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
#    along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
#    Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA


== Introduction

 * The initial goal:

    Think Max/MSP for developers.

	I would love to be able to visually design simple text-processing programs without writing a line of code. I process a significant amount of SQL and tabular data throughout the day and it seems like the computer should be able to handle more of this for me :-)


 * The dream:
	Visually create all sorts of things, ranging from sysadmin to simple web tools. 


== So how does it work?

	The Ruby library isn't really designed to be used by a developer. Rather, a Java based GUI (or at least something platform independent) will allow the developer to visually build a program (or "network"). Clicking a Run button will generate Ruby code on the fly, which will then be run inside of JRuby.


== How much of this works?
   I wrote alot of the GUI for this right after I had surgery on my knee... So, I won't be releasing the GUI code for awhile until I figure out exactly how it works :-) Those painkillers were very nice!

So, at this point, I would just like to work on the Ruby library and make it rock solid before re-implementing the GUI.

== It almost sounds interesting!
   Then send me an email and give me a hand! Only people with a sense of humor please :-)

Cheers -
Dave Parfitt
diparfitt at g mail daht calm
  

